`Development`: Extend documentation for configuring Artemis (#9240)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/dev/setup/integrated-code-lifecycle.rst

If you are running Artemis inside of a docker container, use ``tcp://host.docker.internal:2375`` instead.
Make sure that Artemis can access docker by activating the "Expose daemon on tcp://localhost:2375 without TLS" option under Settings > General in Docker Desktop.

If you are running Artemis on Linux, and are using Docker Desktop, you also need to add a property ``artemis.continuous-integration.docker-connection-uri``.

> The value for that property should then be the path to your unix socket used for connecting to Docker daemon, as shown above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value should be the path to your unix socket for connecting to the Docker daemon, as shown above.
```

> In IntelliJ this might require you to first go into "Settings => Build, Execution, Deployment => Docker", add a new instance by clicking the '+',
> select "Unix socket" and choose the Docker Desktop socket (by default should be named "desktop-linux").
> Now simply look at the path in grey and set that path as the value for the ``artemis.continuous-integration.docker-connection-uri`` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IntelliJ can help you to dermine the path by navigating into "Settings => Build, Execution, Deployment => Docker". Add a new instance by clicking the '+' icon,
select "Unix socket" and choose the Docker Desktop socket (by default should be named "desktop-linux").
Now simply look at the path in grey and set that path as the value for the ``artemis.continuous-integration.docker-connection-uri`` property.
```
